do you really need to speak english fast
i'm gonna teach you this technique
i'm gonna teach you how native speakers
do it for example
in a sentence what do you do just
connecting everything
what do you do and another thing that
you might have noticed we have t
at the end of the word what and we have
d at the beginning of the word
do what you do smoother what you do for
living
the next word something they say
something
let me give you something in american
english if you have a letter t
in the middle of a word you pronounce it
as d
letter letter little
little settle settle write down in
comments below
what other words have t in the middle
and you pronounce them with a d